Update docs to reflect new access control features (#839)
sharetribe/flex-docs: src/docs/concepts-users-and-authentication/users-and-authentication-in-flex/index.md

You can use [extended data](/concepts/extended-data-introduction/) to
determine that a user is in a certain group, and then allow a subset of
your marketplace functionalities, e.g. listing creation, for a specified

> group. You can, for example, define user types in Console for this

Reviewer: I think linking to help center to the user types article here would be good as we don't have info on user types in docs

## User access

Sharetribe marketplace listings and user profiles on public marketplaces
can be viewed by anyone by default, whether they are registered users or
not. If you set your marketplace to private, only registered users can
view listings and user profiles.

When a user wants to start a transaction or create a listing, they need

> to be registered to Sharetribe. You can also choose to limit additional

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to be a registered user on your marketplace. You can also choose to limit additional
```

Only authenticated users can access endpoints that deal with updating
user information, creating and updating listings, and initiating and
transitioning transactions. On private marketplaces, all endpoints

> require an authenticated user, and operators can also further limit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
require an authenticated user access token, and operators can also further limit
```
